c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\BusSender.exe.config
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\BusSender.exe
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\BusSender.pdb
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.g.resources
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.exe
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.pdb
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\Contracts.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\Contracts.pdb
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\acid8\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MtPubSubExample\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\BusSender.exe.config
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.exe
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.pdb
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\BusSender.exe
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\BusSender.pdb
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\Contracts.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\Contracts.pdb
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.g.resources
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\github\RabbitMqMassTransitTest\BusSender\obj\Debug\BusSender.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
